Documentation tweaks (#443)
rainforestapp/rainforest-cli: README.md

This is the easiest way to integrate Rainforest with your deploy scripts or CI server. See [our documentation](https://help.rainforestqa.com/docs/rainforest-cli-for-continuous-integration) on the subject.

> The CLI uses the Rainforest API which is documented at https://help.rainforestqa.com/reference.

Author: ReadMe redirects to the first page listed in the `Reference` section. That is currently the `Authentication` page, but it could be any page we wish. Before I added the `Authentication` page, it was the `POST /callback` docs, since all we had at that point was endpoint documentation and that was the first endpoint (since the namespaces are sorted alphabetically).

So it's just a matter of adding a new `Intro to the API` page.

> The CLI uses the Rainforest API which is documented at https://help.rainforestqa.com/reference.

Reviewer: Ok - @magni- can you work with @Nathan-RF to do that? It doesn't have to be an epic poem or anything, just something that says what the API does and why we have it and why the reader should care?

brew install rainforestapp/public/rainforest-cli
```

> ### Chocolately

Reviewer 2: 😄

1. Update the `version` constant in `rainforest-cli.go` following [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/)
1. Merge to master

### Releasing
1. **Docker** Tag `master` after merging: `git tag vX.Y.Z && git push --tags`
1. **GitHub** Wait for the CircleCI build to finish. This will create a [draft GitHub Release](https://github.com/rainforestapp/rainforest-cli/releases). Edit the description as appropriate and publish the release.
1. **Homebrew** Update https://github.com/rainforestapp/homebrew-public to use the latest URL and SHA256. Both can be found in the GitHub Release assets. Additionally, the SHA256 is output as part of the CircleCI `Release` job.
1. **Chocolatey** [Run the workflow here](https://github.com/rainforestapp/rainforest-cli-chocolatey/actions/workflows/chocolatey.yml) to build & release an updated Chocolatey package. Note, this uses the release you published earlier.

### Releasing a beta version (Docker / GitHub)
Simply tag a commit with an alpha or beta version.
```bash
git tag vX.Y.Z-alpha.N # or vX.Y.Z-beta.N
git push origin vX.Y.Z-alpha.N
```

### Rolling back
Should you have to rollback, you will need to:

> 1. Delete the release in question. The CLI will 'update' itself to the latest public version, which should downgrade users on the next try

Reviewer: Make this a bit more definitive? Not sure if my suggestion is an improvement.

```suggestion
1. Delete the Github release you want to rollback from. Then the next time the CLI is run it will download the latest available release
```

1. Go to GCP Container Registry:

>     1. Delete the release you want to rollback

Reviewer: :question: 
```suggestion
    1. Delete the container you want to rollback
```

>     1. Set the latest tag on the release you wish to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Set the `latest` tag on the release you want to rollback to
```
